well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today i kind of need your advice
i need your advice you know as some of
you
know i used to be a consultant um
kind of give advice on security issues
now years ago i worked for this guy
worked for the owner of this company
and uh he wanted to bring this person on
and i do what i always did you know i
went kind of looked into the guy
now his resume was inflated
okay but everybody lies during the
interview
they try to present themselves in the
best light that in and of itself means
nothing
okay but i don't have a good feeling
about this guy from the very beginning
i talked to a couple people who used to
work for him and they're like yeah he's
no good
he is no good he he just makes stuff up
he he's he's con artist he's gonna
fleece your boss
and i tell my boss this but this guy
is basically telling him that he can fix
all the problems
he can fix the company turn the company
around
and everything's going to be great
the boss was hearing what he wanted to
hear okay
it's what was happening and it didn't
matter what i said
still still still wanted to hire this
guy
at the end of the day i'm an advisor
you know i get paid to give advice
what they do with it is up to them
so he brings the guy on as a
troubleshooter now the guy isn't from
the same field
so when the first couple of projects
this guy's involved with turn out to be
failures
the boss is like well you know there's a
learning curve
the guy starts making personnel changes
firing people
and i go to the boss i'm like you know
some of the people you're losing are
good people who've been around a while
they kind of know what they're doing
and the boss bosses like you know they
have been around a while
and we've got issues we have problems
we've hired this guy to troubleshoot
maybe the trouble is the personnel
fine whatever i start digging into the
guy a little bit more
find out some more stuff about it even
find a family member
who's like now this guy's no good you
need to stay away from it
and find out that some of his claims on
his resume were even more inflated than
initially thought
the thing that really bothered me about
him was that anytime something went
wrong
it was always somebody else's fault you
know
he's the guy in charge but when
something turned up missing
when a project went south whatever
he would blame somebody underneath him
always without fail
and i go back to the boss i'm like look
the guy
is no good okay i'm telling you this
i've been telling you this
now you can see it he's blaming people
who have done a decent job and he's like
well we thought they
did a decent job they didn't really
again i'm just an advisor i got nothing
to say about this
and then it comes into the situation
where he may have broke some laws
and i find out about it and i go to the
boss
and he's like look i don't really think
that this is what happened and you can't
really prove this beyond a shadow of a
doubt like no i can't
but by the time i can there's going to
be a whole lot more issues and you're
not going to have a company left
boss doesn't listen to me owner of the
company does not listen to me
he keeps this guy on for years causing
problems
and then he voted for him again
if you take this situation with
president trump
and you put it in any other context
whether it be
an employee which he is the president is
an employee of the boss the people
put it in the context of somebody who
wants to date your friend
put it into any other context
anybody who continued to follow him
would look like the boss in that story
looked like somebody who'd been conned
looked like somebody who wasn't
accepting reality looked like somebody
who
had fallen into a cult of personality
at the end of the day the real boss here
the people
have decided it is time for personnel
change
at the end of the day that's what
happened yeah
the boss was conflicted about it
about half-hearted in this measure
but at the end of the day it was decided
it is time to get rid of this
troubleshooter
because he couldn't fulfill the things
he said he was going to do
because he couldn't accept
responsibility because he ran the
company into the ground
spoil the company's relationships with
other companies
i'm doing my best
to come up with ways to reach out to
those people
who still believe that trump walks on
water
if you have somebody in your life that
is still under his sway maybe this is a
video that can help reach them
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day